Hey, guys, welcome to our first video on Web Back.
In this video, let's see what exactly is Webpack, what is the problem that is trying to solve and
what are the facilities or the tools that were available before Webpack?
How the website used to function before that back.
All right.
So let's see the good old days now.
In the good old days, let's take the example of a website called as awesome website dot com.
In this we created multiple JavaScript files, so you have your warmed ideas, admin copy and so on.
We also had a lot of styling files represented by the thesis files here, so we have the home bootstrap
admin, CSS files and all this used to be loaded on the activity document.
So used to have a lot of script tags and link tags floating around and that is how the things used to
loaded on the email file.
Now everything used to work, but there were a lot of problems with it.
The first and the major problem was the network load.
Since you have a lot of files and not a very good internet connection.
It used to take a lot of time to load the resources from the Internet.
They were also difficult to manage because all the import statement were in the single estimate file
and sometimes even messing up the order of the import statement used to bring down the website.
Then we had another approach, which was a lesser phased approach in which we had a single Jia's files
on multiple bigger files.
So this helped reducing the network load because the website does not have to go to this or every time
any of the resources have to be loaded.
And you also had like an external file.
So the external file contained data regarding the external resources, such as your bootstrap or the
adequately library.
Now this was slightly better, but it was not perfect.
There were a couple of drawbacks to this as well, and the main drawback was the difficulty to debug
devices because the file size had exploded.
And it was also difficult to read.
So any new developer coming in used to find it very difficult to go through these files.
There was the challenges maintaining the scope of your variables in that file.
Now let's take the example of G equity.
So I have opened up G equity was in one in one of the tabs here.
So as you can see, this is version one on GitHub released back in 2006.
Now, the main thing that I would like to show you over here is this claim document is your g equity
dot years and it consists of 2674 lines.
So all of the equity functions were bundled into a single file.
So if I scroll down, we can see that we have like a filter function.
If we scroll more down, you can see that we have like this each function.
So this is basically how they were maintaining code in the equity was in one.
Now things have improved a lot if you move on to the latest version of the equity.
So I'm in the main branch and this was committed just nine days ago.
And if you see this particular file, you can see that if you go to the ASIC and in the code folder,
we have a lot of JavaScript file and everything has been organized in a very modular way.
Now the equity does not really use their baffle bundling.
Instead they use another tool called as grunt.
So if I go back to the home folder and we can see that we have like a granddaddy's file, this is used
for bundling in the case of the equity.
All right.
So this was just a brief of how difficult it used to function and how the good old days were.
Things improved a lot.
So if you go to the bottom, we can see that there were the concept of modules introduced.
Now this gave birth to a pattern called as the common JS module pattern in which we had a very unique
keyword called as required.
Using the required keyword, we were able to import the call from one file to another file.
So, for example, if I wanted some code of the Edmonds years, I could be exporting it from here and
importing it into the home dogs file.
And this really improved the modularity of your entire code base.
We were able to import modules, share code, and reduce the dependencies among the files.
All right.
So there was also another problem with this approach.
Now, you were using this unique keyword called REQUIR, but in a browser, our browser did not understand
what to be doing with this required keyword now to resolve that problem.
There were tools introduced such as called the browser file all the required years.
These tools were able to understand the required keyword, build up the dependencies and make it readable
to your web browser.
So this was how the module pattern begin in the world of the browsers.
All right.
Moving forward, we have got that back finally.
Now, that park was a very blown up version of the modules.
We were able to work with different kind of module types.
You will be able to work with the common JS modules as well as with the ES6 modules.
Now we were also able to use different kind of file formats to be imported in your JavaScript file.
You can use your JavaScript file itself to be imported.
You can be loading your styles, images as well as font.
There were also additional functionality that was provided by Webpack, which were very appealing.
We had the dynamic building of the dependency graph, so that PAC was really able to understand, okay,
what all the dependency that there and I mean my entire application.
What are the files that are being used?
Which are the files which are not used?
All this was controlled using the dependency graph.
You're going to be seeing a little bit more about the dependency graph in the future videos.
There was also the removal of the unused gold from the library.
So for example, if you take the example of the equity and we just use one function of equity now without
Webpack, what is going to be happening?
The entire codebase of the equity is going to be loaded in the browser without it being ever used.
Now, if you're using tools like that, you can actually be removing a lot of dependencies and only
loading the part that is required by your application.
We also see that there's another important feature of removing the duplication of code.
Now, let's say, for example, two of your files are using a particular library.
Now, this file is going to be loaded multiple times in your browser, which is, again, a vestige
of your network resources.
And this is.
Well, so this is one of the please remember pack chains.
And it is going to be helping us removing all the duplication of the code and help share the duplicate
code among multiple files.
And finally, we also have another important feature that is requiring offsetting the modules at runtime.
Now, what is this?
This is basically, in short, the module federation, which is also a very important topic in this
entire course.
All right.
So that is about it.
Once you have all your back modules done, this is what we are going to be looking at.
So you're going to be having your new website and this is going to be really optimized.
You're going to be having multiple bundles, as you can see here.
We have like a calculator bundle, which is also minified.
We have you mean Dodger's bundle library and your courses is minified and compressed as well.
And there's also important factor here.
You can see that the unused dependencies is also clubbed as a separate file and it's not imported in
the entire application, thus saving the space and your network resources.
So I hope you get to understand as why we are using the.
What are the features and the advantages that we're going to be getting after optimizing and building
our application using Webpack?
All right.
So that's about it for this video.
Let's take a short break and continue on in the next video and start setting up our system.
Ready for the usage of Webpack.